Azure: Configuration for user identity authentication in datasources (Experimental) (#50277)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

Should be set for user-assigned identity and should be empty for system-assigned identity.

### user_identity_enabled

> Specifies whether user identity authentication on behalf of currently signed-in user should be enabled in datasources which support it (may require AAD authentication enabled).

Reviewer: Same as above

Disabled by default, needs to be explicitly enabled.

### user_identity_token_url

Override token URL for given Azure Active Directory.

By default is the same as token URL configured for AAD authentication settings.

### user_identity_client_id

> Override ADD application ID which would be used to exchange user's token to an access token to the datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override ADD application ID which would be used to exchange users token to an access token for the datasource.
```
